OSDOCS-14322# Add hyperdisk limits for C3/N4 (#93588)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/storage-persistent-storage-pv.adoc

|Fibre Channel  | ✅ | ✅ |✅ |  ✅ ^[3]^
endif::[]
ifndef::openshift-rosa[]

> |GCP Persistent Disk  | ✅ |✅ | ✅ ^[4]^ | ✅ ^[4]^

Reviewer: Good point but no here, let's try to keep the table easy to read

2. Use a recreate deployment strategy for pods that rely on AWS EBS.

3. Only raw block volumes support the `ReadWriteMany` (RWX) access mode for Fibre Channel and iSCSI. For more information, see "Block volume support".

ifndef::openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa[]

4. For GCP hyperdisk-balanced disks:

> * `ReadOnlyMany` is _not_ supported.

Reviewer 2: I have looked over the google docs again and have stated wrongly in DOCBUG that hyperdisk-balanced support ReadOnlyMany.

Hyperdisk-balanced support only these two modes
- Single-writer mode = ReadWriteOnce
- Multi-writer mode = ReadWriteMany

https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/sharing-disks-between-vms#hd_access_mode

Author: Fixed.

> * `ReadWriteMany` is supported.

Author: @gcharot Apparently hyperdisk supported ReadWriteMany and ReadWriteOnly according to @dfajmon above.

2. Use a recreate deployment strategy for pods that rely on AWS EBS.

3. Only raw block volumes support the `ReadWriteMany` (RWX) access mode for Fibre Channel and iSCSI. For more information, see "Block volume support".

4. For GCP hyperdisk-balanced disks:
+
* The supported access modes are:
** `ReadWriteOnce`
** `ReadWriteMany`

* Cloning and snapshotting is disabled for disks with `ReadWriteMany` access mode enabled.

* You can attach a single hyperdisk-balanced disk volume in `ReadWriteMany` to a maximum of 8 instances.

> * You can only resize a disk in `ReadWriteMany` if you detach the disk from all instances.

Reviewer: I don't recall that one, do we have a jira?
I do remember this one though which is not included in this PR (or is it already in our docs?)
https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-44772

Reviewer 2: We don't have a Jira for it. I saw it when going through Google documentation.

Reviewer: interesting thx, where did you see it? I don't recall the virt team raised this issue.

Author: @gcharot The bug you reference above is covered on Line 14 of this PR.

Reviewer: Alright just confirmed by the virt team, i thought they would have raised it as a blocker for TP but they did not.

3. Only raw block volumes support the ReadWriteMany (RWX) access mode for Fibre Channel and iSCSI. For more information, see "Block volume support".

ifndef::openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa[]

4. For GCP hyperdisk-balanced disks:

> * ReadOnlyMany is _not_ supported.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* ReadOnlyMany access mode is _not_ supported.
```

> * ReadWriteMany is supported.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* ReadWriteMany access mode is supported.
```

> * Cloning and snapshotting is disabled for disks with ReadWriteMany enabled.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Cloning and snapshotting is disabled for disks with ReadWriteMany access mode enabled.
```

> * Cloning and snapshotting is disabled for disks with ReadWriteMany enabled.

Reviewer 4: Access mode is in Pascal case so we need to mark it up as monospace in backticks.

> * Cloning and snapshotting is disabled for disks with ReadWriteMany enabled.

Reviewer 4: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#object-references

> * Cloning and snapshotting is disabled for disks with ReadWriteMany enabled.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* You can only clone and snapshot disks that have `ReadWriteMany` access mode disabled.
```

Reviewer 4: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-verbs#voice

Reviewer 4: Avoid negative sentence construction.

* You can attach a single hyperdisk-balanced disk volume in multi-writer mode to a maximum of 8 instances.

> * You cannot resize a disk in multi-writer mode unless you detach the disk from all instances.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* You can only resize a disk in multi-writer mode if you detach the disk from all instances.
```

Reviewer 4: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=medium-global-audiences#style

Reviewer 4: Avoid negative sentence construction.

> * https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/attach-disks[Additional limitations].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* For more information about Additional Limitations, see link:https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/attach-disks[Additional limitations].
```
https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#external-links
https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#link-text - Suggestion to add a link text and to use the link attribute.

> * https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/attach-disks[Additional limitations].

Reviewer 4: Additional limitations URL is incorrect.

i think it should be:

* For more information about additional limitations, see link:https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/hyperdisks#limitations[Limitations for Hyperdisk].

> 5. If the underlying vSphere environment supports the vSAN file service, then the vSphere Container Storage Interface (CSI) Driver Operator installed by

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
5. If the underlying vSphere environment supports the vSAN file service, the vSphere Container Storage Interface (CSI) Driver Operator installed by
```

Reviewer 4: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-conjunctions#subordinating-conjunctions
